in this video,
we're going to discuss how we can filter with top or bottom 10 items in terms of values.
So here we've got our pivot table and have added a column to the original data set.
They schooled retailer here so we can filter in pivot tables by this top 10 or bottom turn
retailers in terms of sales.
So if we click here to filter and then go to value filters and then go to top 10 we can
hear select if we want the top or bottom 10 and we can select Upton items percent.
Or some will discuss these two options in the coming videos.
And here you can see here that we can select whether we want the top 10 or top five so we
can type the number that we want.
For now,
we're gonna get top 10 in terms of sales amount,
and then we're gonna press okay here,
Cizikas here.
We got the top 10 retailers in terms of sales amount,
and we can go ahead and sort them even in its sending order to make our data more clear and
determine the best performing retailer here.
So it's gravity supermarket This is our top performer.
OK,
so this is how you can filter by top 10 or bottom 10 items or top five bottom five.
You can filter by the top or bottom end items,
so this is how you can filter by the top or bottom end items in pivot tables.